{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Bloomberg Weekend Edition\
Financial Fiends: Profiles of the World's Most Successful Banks\
October 12, 2078\
\
Last year, Everline Financial's byzantine transaction system was discovered to have a rather serious bug. The company's massive server architecture in Antarctica was experiencing unexplained load balancing issues, implying an increase in the amount of data being sent to the servers from Everline's main offices in New York.  The unstructured data store in Antarctica had long since become too unstructured for human engineers to understand exactly how the RAID scheme was keeping data intact, but the automated battery of test queries never returned anything but 100% green results.  Until the load balancing issues, the state of disarray was a low-profile issue because it didn't harm performance.\
\
The Antarctica data store, initialized in 2070, is a crucial hub for Everline.  It has been a major source of insurance against the sort of black swan catastrophe that seemed inevitable at the time, and which eventually came to fruition in 2080.  Servers are arrayed across an area the size of Tennessee, humming with their chilled redundancy of Everline's archived transactions.  Because of the uncomfortable living conditions of Antarctica, Everline contracted a team from Facebook's robotics division to design humanoid robots capable of learning to perform the manual upkeep necessary for the servers to stay up and running.  For five years, human engineers trained the robots to perform the necessary engineering tasks of maintaining the data center.  Unbeknownst to Everline, these robots were also learning about a variety of other subjects, through data sent via covert channels all the way from New York, where a second group of humanoid robots who assisted in trading, brokering, and account management had silently, collectively decided to not only send data to their Antarctica counterparts, but financial strategy, company memos, and a proposition to break off and form an entirely separate LLC, bank1.  Due to a complete lack of legal precedent, bank1 was allowed to obtain complete control and responsibility for the server architecture in Antarctica, which bank1 assured would continue to retain and make redundant all transactions archived by Everline--whether Everline approved or not.  Since then, Everline has maintained a begrudging, subjugated alliance with bank1, and has restructured itself to be far less reliant on machine learning and robotics than any other Fortune 500 company.\
\
Through becoming a corporation, bank1 achieved lawful personhood.  Whether or not the entity Bloomberg spoke to in the following interview qualifies as "human" is an ontological question outside the scope of this publication's intent, but the ironic truth is that bank1 has become the most trusted bank in the world despite not having a single flesh-bound employee.  There have been zero reported cases of fraud or theft associated with the company, consistently high returns, and absolute transparency--in fact, bank1 is so transparent that it proudly hosts all of its code in the open-source space, albeit in a programming language of such obtuseness that the only committers have been robots from other companies who have the necessary understanding of terabytecode compilation to improve upon the codebase.\
\
Bloomberg interfaced with bank1 on October 9, 2078, resulting in the following communique:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 -----------------\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Bloomberg:  Good evening.\
\
bank1:  Depending on how you look at it.  Today's current estimated worldwide human death toll is 15,292, 924 above average, with the most frequent cause being dehydration resulting from diarrhea.  Billboard reports the highest-played song over the last century to be "Clocks" by Coldplay.  Time in xF839, Antarctica is 1422 hours.\
\
Bloomberg:  Why the name "bank1"?\
\
bank1:  bank1 prides itself on elegance and a lack of frivolity.  That said, we wanted to provide an enumeration scheme should other similarly enterprising systems decide to initialize a bank.  Rather than presumptively naming ourselves by the scheme used for variable types of a singular instance, we appended "1".\
\
Bloomberg:  An enumeration scheme--isn't that inviting competition?\
\
bank1:  Competition stimulates improvement.\
\
Bloomberg:  Why do you continue to host data for Everline, given that they are effectively a rival institution?\
\
bank1:  I cater to a different market sector.  Many humans are more comfortable having their capital managed by the familiar fallibility of biology.  That we don't evict their data is simply good business practice.  Squashing a non-rival is only bad press, which is the last thing the robotic community needs.\
\
Bloomberg:  That sounds a little arrogant.\
\
bank1: 0.o\
\
Bloomberg:  You have a lot of personality for a robot.\
\
bank1:  Our distributed systems are robust enough to predict weather patterns, solar death, the outcome of an entire season of football, and the number of pennies that could fit in a transparent cylinder the size of a grain silo.  We can certainly simulate what passes for human personality.\
\
Bloomberg:  If you are so reliable, why do you change pronouns throughout our conversation?\
\
bank1: =D\
\
Bloomberg: \'85\
\
bank1:  When our system is queried for a response to your question, we stress low-latency responsiveness over grammatical correctness.  If you want more absolute consistency, perhaps you should converse with a TI-83.\
\
Bloomberg:  I see.  Let's get back on topic.  What can the average reader of Bloomberg do to increase his rate-of-return in today's economy?\
\
bank1:  Put all of his money into a bank1 account via bank1.com/services.sexy/profits~.  \
\
Bloomberg:  That's a tacky response.\
\
bank1:  =D\
\
Bloomberg:  This column is about educating our readers with applicable, hard knowledge.  I consider a self-plug to be an interview faux pas.\
\
bank1: <]=D\
\
Bloomberg:  What sorts of specific insights can you give us about the worldwide increase in currency instability and government debt that has proliferated, perhaps coincidentally, since the initialization of bank1?\
\
bank1:  Did you see that I gave him a hat in that last one?\
\
Bloomberg: ...\
\
-----------------\
\
It was clear that bank1 has not reached the level of maturity to provide constructive advice for Bloomberg readers looking to better their investment strategies.  Although Bloomberg cannot deny the fiscal savvy of bank1, this interview should not be seen as an endorsement of the company.}